Miss Chu
You are just a rich lady in Beijing
Why did the Zhenbei Army expedition to Mobei?
The matter of sealing the divine right is so clear
Because my family has adult support in Zhenbei Army
Of course, I know some young people
The Chu family is already a big deal
Now it's with Zhenbei Village again
Adults are connected
The future of the Chu family is about to be limited
It seems that the Chu family is going to be the top of the three major families in Shangjing
So to speak
The news that the Lord of King's Landing is dead
You also revealed it to your armpits
So what if it's me?
Does this have anything to do with you sending fake wine? Of course it does
And it has a lot to do with it.
You are just a waste of screws in the factory
Things about our aristocratic families
I advise you to ask less
You have time
Why don't you explain why you're talking
Use fake wine to fool the old gentleman
That's because what I gave wasn't fake wine at all
It is true that the Mobei Divine Fist was sealed for a lifetime
But did you know that before the divine fist was sealed
There was once a person
Take out all the passes of Shenquan for 50 years
Of course I know about this.
And I know better
The person who took this wine was the most famous person in the world
When the royal court fell that day
Only the Marquis of King's Landing is single
Gun and horse into the royal court
Legend of King's Landing Nine
Then take out all the 50-year-old wine of this Shenquan
As your own trophy
Now you say this wine is your tune
Could it be that you are the military and civilian lord?
Xiao Junlian
You just got sick in Lanzhou and now you're here again
I've heard for a long time that this kid is paranoid
I didn't expect it to live up to its reputation
Ok you elf
If the state fails to deceive, it runs to the Internet to deceive
Do you think these secular people
Are they all those ignorant fools in Lanzhou?
I'm sorry.
Xiao Jun, even he is talking nonsense
We won't eat
I'll take him away now
Miss Fu, your mouth
The Lord's Landing is dead
Have you seen his mistake?
Of course I have.
I have not only paid tribute to the regrets of the Lord's Landing
and
I was also fortunate enough to receive an inheritance from the Lord of King's Landing